out of the way
Hello Miss Zhao
I am Chen Erhu
I am
Chen Erhu, the underground leader of Beihai
What do you want from me?
Unexpectedly, Miss Zhao has also heard my name
Tonight I want to have a banquet for Longtou Tianyin in Beihai Province
I heard that he likes you very much.
So I want to ask you to accompany me
Sorry, it's my grandma's birthday party tonight
I'm afraid I can't give you this face.
I'm afraid
It's up to you.
Don't you think
I'm one of those little stars who can be bullied
The daughter of the Zhao family of the four major families in Beihai
So what?
You have
No longer the tall lady
The Zhao family has failed to invest continuously
insolvent
It has become an empty shell paper building
Even if I tie you up now
Throw it on the main gate of Amano
Your Zhao family doesn't dare to do anything
Since Miss Zhao is so disrespectful
Then don't blame me for not showing mercy to Xiangxiyu
Why do you put it back?
Go what are you doing follow me
Little bitch dare to hit me
kid
How dare you hit my man
Do you know who I am?
Chen Erhu, the leader of Beihai underground
I don't care about you today.
Get out of here
But I want to argue with you.